You're talking nonsense, why am I so tall?
No, this must be the teacher uncle,
This was her way of researching and studying! Why can’t you take it seriously if your father forgets?
What did I get from you?
Don't say anything. This was when I was among the people before.
One of them tried to see Erchen Valley and Jingqi first.
Being protected by Jiang Zi, he was an outsider.
Wupai Feng Ye, what is the first batch to be tested?
Man, take this next,
Get it for me!
Bizui, isn’t he dead yet?
Wait for you to speak? Father Huang Xinzhu,
I am wrong, please continue,
Father, look, here is the video of the first trial.
It's not as good as winter. I can't lift my fingers and go there.
It’s a big deal now
What bullshit reality
This is just a false statement.